Correction of VNets from VNETS (#3952)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/reference-architectures/sap/hana-large-instances-content.md

#### Azure ExpressRoute

> For this architecture, Azure ExpressRoute is used as the networking service for creating private connections between an on-premises network and Azure VNets. Azure VMs connect to HANA Large Instances using another ExpressRoute connection and an ExpressRoute Gateway.  [High Performance or Ultra Performance][sku] is the recommended SKU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this architecture, Azure ExpressRoute is used as the networking service for creating private connections between an on-premises network and Azure virtual networks. Azure VMs connect to HANA Large Instances using another ExpressRoute connection and an ExpressRoute Gateway.  [High Performance or Ultra Performance][sku] is the recommended SKU.
```
Fixing terminology per @ckittel
